Remove MongoDB Support and Prepare Documentation for v3.0 (#117)
laminas/laminas-session: docs/book/v3/migration/v2-to-v3.md

# Migration from Version 2 to 3

`laminas-session` introduces a number of backwards incompatible changes that might affect your application.
This document details those changes, and provides suggestions on how to update your application to work with version 3.

## Removed Features

### `MongoDB` Removal

> `Laminas\Session\SaveHandler\MongoDB` and its options class `Laminas\Session\SaveHandler\MongoDBOptions`
> are removed without replacement in version 3.0.
> As such, these classes are to be removed from your inheritance tree.
> With this step, the `mongodb/mongodb` dependency is also removed starting from this version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MongoDB support has been completely removed in version 3.0, notably the following classes no longer exist:

- `Laminas\Session\SaveHandler\MongoDB`
- `Laminas\Session\SaveHandler\MongoDBOptions`

If you require MongoDB support in your application, you will need to implement that support yourself by creating a class that implements `Laminas\Session\SaveHandler\SaveHandlerInterface` as per [the custom save handler documentation](../save-handler.md).
```
